# About Yartu

Yartu was established in Turkey in 2017 to develop cloud-based secure applications for corporate customers and end users. The company, which received its first investment capital with the TÜBİTAK Technostartup Support Program, opened its first office in Konya, Innopark Konya Technology Development Zone. With the Yartu Block Suite product, Yartu started its activities in Estonia in 2022 under the name Yartu Information Technologies O.Ü. Yartu serves customers around the world. In particular, it develops products that will enable users to utilize the services they aim to practice on the developing cloud computing infrastructure in accordance with data security and reliability in the data centers they own. In Yartu product portfolio; There is Yartu Suite, which contains many components and is positioned as on-premise to meet the needs of users working in public institutions and private enterprises, and eYartu products, which are offered as SaaS services for customers who do not have their own data center. Yartu, which uses open source technologies in the infrastructure of its products, also contributes to the open source community around the world.

In 2020, a marketing agreement has been signed between Yartu Bilişim A.Ş. with İş Yazılım A.Ş. and with this agreement, the promotion and sales activities of the products in the public and private sectors are carried out in a planned manner. İş Yazılım A.Ş. opened a new office in Ankara Gazi University Teknoplaza within the framework of this cooperation. 

In addition to Yartu Suite and eYartu products, the Yartu Block Suite product, which enables services to be integrated into blockchain technology, has been developed.